ci: enable tmate when in debug mode (#12784)
rook/rook: Documentation/Contributing/development-flow.md

Rook's upstream continuous integration (CI) tests will run integration tests against your changes
automatically.

## Tmate Session

Integration tests will be run in Github actions. If an integration test fails, enable a tmate session to troubleshoot the issue by one of the following steps:

> * Restart the CI action and enable the "Debug" mode checkbox from the github UI, or

Reviewer: My suggestion for "Debug" wasn't named correctly, better to have the proper checkbox name from the UI.
```suggestion
* Restart the CI action and click the "Enable debug logging" checkbox from the github UI, or
```

* Add the label `debug-ci` to the PR and push your changes again.

> See the action details for an ssh connection to the Github runner.

Reviewer: Need a blank line before this, to avoid this line being rendered as part of the last bullet.
```suggestion

See the action details for an ssh connection to the Github runner.
```

Rook's upstream continuous integration (CI) tests will run integration tests against your changes
automatically.

> Integration tests will be run in Github actions. If an integration test fails, restart CI with debug mode from github UI or add label `debug-ci`  and push your changes again and a tmate session will be available for troubleshooting for a sometime. See the action details for an ssh connection to the Github runner.

Reviewer: Can we restructure this with another header and bullets?
```suggestion

### TMate Session

Integration tests will be run in Github actions. If an integration test fails, enable a tmate session to troubleshoot the issue by one of the following steps:
- Restart the CI action and enable the "Debug" mode checkbox from the github UI, or
- Add the label `debug-ci` to the PR and push your changes again. 

See the action details for an ssh connection to the Github runner.
```

Author: done
